otelcol.exporter.logging (#3497)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

  - `otelcol.extension.jaeger_remote_sampling` provides an endpoint from which to
    pull Jaeger remote sampling documents. (@joe-elliott)
  - `prometheus.exporter.blackbox` collects metrics from Blackbox exporter. (@marctc)

>   - `prometheus.exporter.logging` accepts otel data and writes it to the console. (@erikbaranowski)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `prometheus.exporter.logging` accepts OpenTelemetry data from other `otelcol` components and writes it to the console. (@erikbaranowski)
```
